fix: #1124 (#1156)
italia/developers.italia.it: en/legal-notice.md

layout: internal-long
---

The Presidency of the Council of Ministers - Department for digital
transformation, based in Largo Pietro di Brazzà 86, 00187 Rome, has created
this site with the aim of contributing to the growth and coordination of
a community interested in the development of code instrumental to
the needs of public administration's online services.

## Content License

In application of the open by default principle pursuant to Article 52 of
legislative decree 7 March 2005, n. 82 (CAD) and unless otherwise
specified (including embedded third party content), data, documents and

> the information published on the site are licensed
> [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the information published on the site are
[CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.it) licensed.
```

layout: internal-long
---

The Presidency of the Council of Ministers - Department for transformation

> digital, based in Largo Pietro di Brazzà 86, 00186 Rome, has created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
digital, based in Largo Pietro di Brazzà 86, 00187 Rome, has created
```

> The Presidency of the Council of Ministers - Department for transformation
> digital, based in Largo Pietro di Brazzà 86, 00186 Rome, has created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Presidency of the Council of Ministers - Department for digital
transformation, based in Largo Pietro di Brazzà 86, 00187 Rome, has created
```

this site with the aim of contributing to the growth and coordination of

> a community interested in the development of functional code
> of public administration online services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a community interested in the development of code instrumental to
the needs of public administration's online services.
```

## Content License

In application of the open by default principle pursuant to Article 52 of
legislative decree 7 March 2005, n. 82 (CAD) and unless otherwise
specified (including embedded third party content), data, documents and
the information published on the site are licensed
[CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.it).

Users are therefore free to share (reproduce, distribute,
communicate to the public, exhibit in public, represent, perform and act
this material in any medium and format) and modify (transform the
material and use it for derivative works) for any purpose, too
commercial with the sole charge of attribution, without placing restrictions
additional.

## Links to external sites and embedded content

> Links to external third party sites, indicated on this site, as well as i

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links to external third party sites, indicated on this site, as well as
```

embedded third party content is provided as a simple service to users.

> The indication of links to external third party sites or the inclusion of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links to external third party sites or the inclusion of
```

embedded content of third parties does not imply on the part of the Presidency of the
Cabinet of any kind of approval or sharing of
liability in relation to legitimacy, completeness and
correctness of the information contained in the sites indicated.

## Social media policy

> The Presidency of the Council of Ministers - Department for transformation
> digital uses social media for institutional purposes, to increase the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Presidency of the Council of Ministers - Department for digital transformation
 uses social media for institutional purposes, to increase the
```

transparency and knowledge of its activities: it informs, communicates, listens and
publishes institutional content.

The published contents include images, videos, press releases,
service information, news relating to the activities of the Department as well as
opportunities for citizen involvement and participation.

> Through its social channels, the Department can share and relaunch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through its social channels, the Department can share
```

> contents and messages of public interest and usefulness published by other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contents and messages of public interest published by other users.
```

Where published directly by the Department, all contents are
released according to the licensed open by default principle
[CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.it).

We treat your personal data as provided in the privacy policy of this
site.

The Department is committed to managing spaces for communication and dialogue

> within their profiles, constantly monitored, in the various social networks
> media, asking its users to respect some simple rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within its profiles, constantly monitored, in the various social media networks, asking its users to respect some simple rules:
```

* Everyone is asked to express their opinion with fairness, measure and respect.

> * In social media, everyone is responsible for the content they post and for
>   opinions it expresses. In any case, insults, vulgarity, offenses will not be tolerated,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In social media, everyone is responsible for the content they post and for
  opinions they express. In any case, insults, vulgarity and abuse will not be tolerated,
```

> * In social media, everyone is responsible for the content they post and for
>   opinions it expresses. In any case, insults, vulgarity, offenses will not be tolerated,
>   threats and, in general, discriminatory, violent or defamatory attitudes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In social media, everyone is responsible for the content they post and for
  opinions it expresses. In any case, insults, vulgarity, offenses, abuse,
  threats and, in general, discriminatory, violent or defamatory attitudes will not be tolerated.
```

> * The published contents must always respect the privacy of people.
>   References to facts or details without public relevance should be avoided e
>   that harm the personal sphere of third parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The published contents must always respect the privacy of people.
  References to facts or details without public relevance and
  that harm the personal sphere of third parties should be avoided.
```

> * The interest of the topics with respect to the activities of the Presidency of the
>   Council of Ministers is an essential requirement: it is not possible in any
>   how to use these spaces for purposes other than institutional ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The interest of the topics with respect to the activities of the Presidency of the
  Council of Ministers is an essential requirement: using these spaces for purposes other than institutional ones is not
allowed.
```

* Each discussion is linked to a specific theme: to all participants it is
  required to respect it.

> * No form of advertising, spam or promotion of interests will be tolerated
>   private or illegal activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No form of advertising, spam or promotion of private interests or illegal activities will be tolerated.
```

> * Contents that violate copyright or non-use are not allowed
>   authorized trademark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Content that violate copyright or non-authorized use of trademark is not allowed
```

> In any case, where social media allows it, they will be removed by the staff
> all posts, comments or audio / video materials that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where social media allows it, posts, comments or audio / video material will be removed by the staff in case of:
```

* have inappropriate language and / or a threatening, violent tone,
  vulgar or disrespectful;
* present illegal content or incitement to carry out illegal activities;
* have content that is offensive, deceptive, alarmist, or in violation of
  rights of third parties;
* disclose personal data and information or information that may cause damage or harm
  the reputation of third parties;
* contain obscene, pornographic or child pornography content, or
  such as to offend the sensitivity of users;
* have a discriminatory content based on gender, race, ethnicity, language, creed
  religious, political opinions, sexual orientation, age, conditions
  personal and social;
* promote or support illegal activities, which infringe copyright or rights
  of third parties.

> For those who repeatedly violate these conditions, those contained in the
> policy of the tools adopted or in any case endangers the security of
> systems, the Department reserves the right to use the ban or block
> (when possible after a first warning) to prevent further interventions,
> and to report the user to the managers of the platform and possibly to the
> police.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Department reserves the right to use the ban or block users who repeatedly
violate these conditions (when possible after a first warning),
and to report the user to the social media platform and possibly to the
police.
```
